[ship engine rumbling]
[Witch] The spacecraft Edens Zero.
[in awe] The Edens Zero.
That's amazing.
Is it just me or does it look more
like a ship suited for bad guys?
From a scary pirate ship
to the Demon King ship.
[Witch] I have long been waiting
for this day, Demon King.
Sorry, but my Grandpa is actually…
You are the new Demon King, Shiki.
At last, the king has finally
returned to Edens Zero.
["Eden Through the Rough"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
WIND HOWLS ON THE HIGHWAY
[Witch] The Edens Zero
has now reclaimed its true form.
However, it has yet
to return to its true power.
What do you mean by that?
You wish to see Mother, right?
And leave the Sakura Cosmos?
How do you know that?
[Witch] I hear all conversations
aboard the Edens Zero.
Scary.
It's part of my power.
I have complete control
over the Edens Zero.
Think of me as being
part of the ship itself.
However, this ship's true potential
can only be restored
when all four of the Demon King's
Four Shining Stars have gathered here.
Without it,
it will be impossible
to break through Dragonfall,
the barrier between the Sakura Cosmos
and the outside universe.
What is Dragonfall?
Is it a waterfall of dragons?
It's an area of space
where they gather, actually.
And I've heard those dragons can devour
a small ship in just the blink of an eye.
You're saying there's
a bunch of them there?
[Shiki] I wanna see them!
I bet they're amazing!
But it's super dangerous
to try and get close to 'em.
A dragon is more than capable
of destroying a fleet of large ships.
[Happy] And there's too many dragons there
to even count them all!
But first we have to gather
the Four Shining Stars.
If you want to break
through Dragonfall, that is.
Alright, let's do it!
Hmm.
This sounds like a real adventure!
Yeah!
[sighs softly]
Uh… what exactly is this?
This is called a massage.
Yeah, well, I know that much.
You intend to eventually
use Ether Gear, right?
You heard that?
Yes, I hear everything.
[Rebecca] Talk about scary.
[Witch] Well, if you bathe
in that water every day,
you might be able
to start using Ether Gear.
[Rebecca] Really?
I get it, this massage is going to help
boost the properties of the water, right?
Negative. This is simply
a ship service that I provide.
[sighs]
On that note,
I offer Oil and Electric massages,
and the Rational Thought-Destroying
Torture and Pleasure Massage.
Which one would you like to experience?
Any of them besides that last one!
-Actually, I want the last one.
-You what?!
That one's my favorite.
[machine whirring]
Wow, what's this?
[squeals happily]
[squealing]
Which massage would you like?
Uh… I'll take the oil one.
He is a well-built android.
[Witch] Someone must have
transferred his memories
from his previous life into this machine.
[Rebecca] I'm impressed you can tell that.
[Witch] Whoever made Happy
is even better with mechanical technology
than the Demon King himself.
It was Weisz, 50 years in the future.
[Rebecca] I don't know
if the current one can do it, though.
[Witch] Did Weisz also build
that EMP android?
I think the Demon King's
the one who made Pino.
[Witch] That means Pino's
a newer model than us Four Shining Stars.
How interesting.
So, do you know about
the other three of the Four Shining Stars?
Or where they could be?
When our duties eventually came to an end,
I was the only one
that stayed on the ship.
The other three set out
on their own journeys.
Where did they go?
I lost contact with them and I barely
have any information on their whereabouts.
However, one of them said
they were heading to Blue Garden.
Really? No way!
[Rebecca] Which one was it?
[Witch] The life of the ship. Sister.
What's up with this ominous-looking door?
I am unsure as well
and I cannot unlock it.
Leave it to me!
And my Machina Maker.
[whirring]
[Weisz] Huh?
It's not budging.
[Witch] It is one of the ship's
most closely-guarded secrets.
Code 3173.
-Hey!
-That you, Witch?
Code 3173.
[Witch] Please, do not approach
that door without permission.
It will not open without
the Four Shining Stars being present.
[sighs] That's the spot!
[Shiki] So, what's in there?
[Witch]
I am not authorized to tell you, Shiki.
Quit listening in
on our conversations, you creep.
[Witch] I already informed you.
I hear all conversations
that take place aboard this ship.
Like I care! Give us some damn privacy!
[Witch] Do you pay attention to tables
and chairs around you when you talk?
[Weisz] Of course not!
[Witch] This is exactly the same.
Please, only think of me as an object.
You're no object.
And that's because you've got a heart.
[gasps]
Oh…
[Witch] Very well then.
At the cost of my efficiency,
I will turn off my listening functionality
throughout the ship.
[Shiki]
Damn, I wanna know what's in there.
[Pino] Shiki.
I was wondering,
do you think that I have a heart, too?
You can cry and laugh,
and you worry for others,
so of course you do.
[gasps]
Okay, then.
[Pino] I would like to go with you
on your journey, Shiki.
My master was heading to see Mother,
so I want to see her, too.
Hmm.
What are you talking about?
I was already planning
on taking you with us.
You're up for an adventure?
Yes, Master!
You can stop calling me "Master."
But you are my Master, Mr. Shiki.
I don't know about "Mr. Shiki."
[Pino]
Then what should I call you, Master?
-[Shiki] You can call me anything.
-[Pino] Then "Master" it is.
Those are the same words Ziggy once said.
That's it, I'm in heaven!
[squealing]
[squealing continues]
[Shiki] There's so many people here!
Thank goodness,
Blue Garden is still in the present.
I see!
So this is what the future looks like!
Incredible!
Hey, why don't you
just go back to Norma, dude?
Having a person from the past,
living in the present,
is most likely going
to cause some trouble.
[Weisz] Fat chance.
Norma is a dead rock now, isn't it?
I ain't going back there.
But I don't really wanna go
with you guys, either.
Hmm.
-See you later, chumps!
-Huh?
[Weisz]
I'm going to enjoy the future, baby!
Later!
Is he really going to become
a professor someday?
-If he lives that long.
-[sighs]
Let's try heading to the guild first.
[Rebecca] Maybe someone's there
who knows a thing or two about Sister.
-[Shiki] Good idea.
-[Witch] Everyone,
I cannot leave the Edens Zero.
So if anything happens and you need
to contact me, use Rebecca's device.
So that's Mother.
[Pino] Or at least the hologram of her.
Incredible.
We're gonna find her no matter what.
[Clarisse] Rebecca!
It's good top see you back home.
-Clarisse!
-Huh?
-I was… I was so worried about you--
-[slap]
[Labilia] Indeed.
I was worried about you myself.
I thought you might have quit B-Cubing
and making videos altogether.
And without all your boring videos,
how'd I ever get to sleep?
I'm so relieved.
-How sweet of you.
-Hey.
Grr.
So what sort of videos
did you make out there?
Can you hurry up
and upload them, pretty please?
I've started a new trend where my viewers
and I watch your videos together
and they love seeing my reactions to them.
I mean, they're hilarious!
We laugh our heads off every time!
I'm starting to think
you enjoy making fun of me.
You bet.
[Labilia] It's a total fave.
I just love the feeling
of superiority I get
when I look down on someone
less talented than me.
You know?
Oh, wait. Can you do the thing?
That dumb "neko neko dance"
in your intros?
You know? I bet I can make it popular
if I post it on my channel.
What a snob.
-Enough.
-[adoring shriek]
It's been way too long.
I missed you, Gravity Boy!
Huh?!
Hey you, would you like to be
in one of my videos?
You really think I would help someone
who gets joy out of bullying my friends?
Come on.
I'm not really being mean, am I?
I'm just giving her suggestions.
Not everyone is as talented as me,
so you can give up on B-Cubing.
[gasps]
[giggles] That's life.
[angry grunts]
Oh, I just remembered I have
a photo shoot that I have to get going to.
Bye-bye now.
Think about my generous offer,
Gravity Boy.
That little brat.
She is so annoying.
Bleh.
-[Clarisse] Rebecca.
-I'm okay. I won't let her get to me.
Oh, sorry, it's the guild master.
He wants to talk to you.
Did I do something?
Who's the guild master?
He's the person who holds
the most power in the guild.
[grunts] Why me?
[annoyed sigh]
Talk about a pain in the ass.
This sponsorship is so boring
no one can make it look fun.
You better watch your mouth.
If only someone
could pay me more to do it.
[all] Huh?
Target acquired.
[Labilia] Who are you?
Don't tell me.
You're one of my creepy stalker fans.
Take a hint and leave me alone,
you freaking weirdo.
Sister,
you only need to wait a little longer.
The master wants to talk to me, huh?
I wonder why.
Maybe he's upset that we went to Norma
with the chronophage and all.
How was I supposed to know
that it was forbidden to go there?
Hey, I want to meet him too.
What's he like?
I don't know.
I've never actually met him myself.
-You think he'll want to be my friend?
-[Rebecca sighs]
Rebecca,
your heart rate is rapidly rising.
Thanks, Pino, but I'm okay.
I'm just nervous, is all.
-I'll go with you.
-[Rebecca] Sorry, I don't think you can.
But I'll be sure to make the best of it.
Maybe the master
knows something about Sister.
[Rebecca] Ready when you are, Happy.
All right!
How come Happy gets to go with her?
Happy is not problematic.
[angry grunt] But sitting around here
is so freaking boring.
Hey, I know!
-Let's go explore!
-Good idea!
[Shiki]
This planet has some pretty weird dogs.
Instead of "woof", they go "woo-hoo."
[Pino]
Are you certain that was a dog you saw?
[Shiki] Look at that thing!
There's so much juice in it!
[Pino] You mean the vending machine?
With what they clean the sidewalk?!
That little robot is called a vacuum.
[Shiki]
And there's water floating in the sky?
[Pino] That is because this planet
has an abundance of water Ether.
You know more than me
and it's your first time here.
-What is up with that?
-Not true.
There are lots of things
I do not know either.
Like the dog that goes "woo-hoo."
I want to see one.
Let's go! I think I saw them
at one of the restaurants.
[Pino] Master.
Do you think you might be lost?
[Shiki] No way! I know where we are!
[Pino] Just to be safe,
maybe I should turn on my GPS.
[Shiki] Hey, wait!
Uh, it was right around here!
[Labilia] Eww.
This guys' kinda freaky-looking.
But that's okay
if you're a fan of little ol' me.
Hey, weirdo.
Remove yourself
from Labilia's presence at once!
[screaming]
[gasps]
Oh, crap. This guy is some kind of thug.
-Number three! Number four!
-[grunt]
-[slashing]
-[boom]
[groans]
[grunts]
[groaning]
-Number five!
-Hey! I'm gonna shoot you, punk!
Wha--?
[gasps]
[groans]
-[body thuds]
-[Labilia whimpers]
[Labilia gasps] Who are you?
What do you want from me?
I can give you money.
My job is to take you back with me,
nothing more.
Your job? Who hired you?
-Don't resist.
-[Labilia] Stop! Get off me!
Please! Somebody help!
[gasps]
Let go of her.
[grunts]
[gasps]
What the hell?!
-[whooshing]
-[grunts]
[intense music playing]
My Gravity Boy!
Cut it out.
Gravity?
This guy. Is he a machine?
Analyzing.
His body is nearly 60% machine.
It seems he is a cyborg.
[Labilia]
Can you get me out of here?
-To be honest, I don't care about you.
-Idiot!
But I'm not gonna turn away either.
[Shiki] Grandpa told me that when you see
someone in need of help,
you help them, no matter what.
And that's how you take the first step
of becoming someone's friend.
[gasps]
That is how my master and I
first became friends.
It's in your interest
not to interfere with my job.
[Shiki] Is your job to bully random girls?
My job is to take people away.
What if they don't want to be?
That is not the target's decision to make.
Hate to tell you, but you're gonna have
a hard time making friends.
[Jinn] I don't need friends.
Get out of my way.
Ether Gear.
Are they about to fight?
No way! It's always been my dream
to record two guys fighting over me!
[crackling]
I'm not about to lose
to somebody without a heart!
You're familiar with Ether Gear, too.
PLANET GUILST
[buzzing]
[grunt]
I need a lot more before I'm satisfied.
[Illega] I need more cute women
for my furniture collection.
Sir Illega, we're about to receive a large
shipment of the most beautiful girls.
I appreciate your patience.
[Illega] I want some B-Cubers this time.
They're starting a big hunt for B-Cubers
on Blue Garden at this very moment.
Are they really?
Of course.
Sister has some of her soldiers
participating as well.
[subordinate] You're gonna get your hands
on some of the most beautiful B-Cubers.
[Illega] I want them now.
My collection won't be complete
without them.
[chittering]
[giggles]
Master, please, proceed with caution.
The enemy's strength is unknown.
Understood.
[heroic music playing]
[blast]
[whooshing]
[grunts]
-Master!
-Awesome!
This video is totally awesome!
[grunts]
[screaming]
[Shiki] Sorry!
[grunts]
So you've got Gravity Ether Gear.
[screaming]
[grunts]
[grunts] What was that?
[whooshing]
Skymech Ninjutsu Attack.
Ninjutsu?
Windstorm Slash!
SKYMECH NINJUTSU ATTACK
WINDSTORM SLASH
[loud thud]
[rumbling]
Ninjas are amazing!
-[Shiki screaming]
-[Pino] Somebody help!
[grunting]
Magimech Attack. Gravity Center!
[screaming]
[grunts]
[crash]
[Shiki straining]
[panting]
[man 1] What's going on?!
Call the police! Hurry!
[man 2] Look! The road is spit apart!
[man 3]
That kid just stopped a car with his body!
Huh?
Bastard!
There's innocent bystanders around here!
How foolish.
You would save civilians
in the middle of a battle.
-[beep]
-Hmm?
No. I haven't been able
to capture the target yet.
-I understand. I'm done here.
-Huh?
You escaped death this time, foolish boy.
What? You're just running away?
If you want to finish this,
you can find me on the planet Guilst.
Where is that?
We'll settle our fight another day.
When the wind cries.
Hey! Wait!
Hmm.
You were like, totally the bestest!
How can I ever repay you?
Thanks a bunch!
This video is gonna get me
on the ten million page for sure!
She was nearly kidnapped
a few seconds ago.
What a strange woman.
Master, we should leave
before the police arrive here.
Right.
Bye-bye!
Take a picture of Rebecca's reaction when
she sees my video! Please and thank you!
It appears he was a warrior
from the planet Guilst.
-[Shiki] Is it okay if I yell right now?
-Go ahead.
[Shiki, yelling] Ninjas are awesome!
[echoing]
Rebecca hasn't come back
from seeing the guild master.
I hope everything's okay.
I wonder why she's late.
She's probably out there
having fun without us.
Why do you assume she's having fun?
-[metal scraping floor]
-[Happy] Shiki…
Happy! Where have you been?
[music sting]
[whimpering]
Happy!
-[whimpers]
-What's wrong?
What happened to you?!
[Happy] We got attacked by some weird guy
while we were in the master's room.
[Happy sobs]
When I realized what was happening,
Rebecca and the master were both gone.
They're gone?!
[gasps]
[sobs]
Emergency newsflash.
There's recently been a series
of kidnapping incidents on Blue Garden,
targeting several video streamers.
Authorities are currently reporting to us
it's thought to be the work of
an unknown organized crime syndicate.
A message for video streamers: Please,
exercise caution when leaving your homes.
-I repeat…
-[gasps]
You can find me on the planet Guilst.
It's him.
[Clarisse] What happened to her?
-[Shiki] Rebecca.
-[crackling]
[crash]
[shrieks]
Master, you need to calm down.
Our table!
[grunts]
[Shiki] I'm going to the planet Guilst.
[Clarisse sobs]
I'm heading back to Edens Zero!
[Pino] Roger!
Edens Zero. Very well.
["VLOG"
by CHiCO with HoneyWorks playing]
PLANET GUILST